Notes from SLA-aware Virtual Resource Management for Cloud Infrastructures [Van09]

This work presents an automatic virtual resource management system for Cloud infrastructures (hosting service platforms). The main advantages include: it can automate the dynamic provisioning and placement of VMs; support for heterogeneous applications and workloads; support for arbitrary application topology.\\\\
Focus on the automatic virtual resource management system:

It contains a more complicate system model, or say architecture, to simulate the resource allocation scenario which is more closed to the really world cloud infrastructures. Instead of using bins and balls to represent, this model composed by Application Environment (AE), Local Decision Module (LDM), Global Decision Module (GDM) and datacenter which contains physical machines and VMs. Briefly, we can say that AE is faced to the application associated with specific performance goals; An application-specific LDM is associated with each AE to evaluate the process baed on the current workload using service-level metric and generate a utility function of the resource allocation; A GDM is used to interact with each LDM and the real-datacenter. It is the core of this system which contains the Constraint solver to determine the management actions based on the input of LDM's utility functions and datacenter's system-level performance metrics. It works like a black box compared with LDM. We prefer to refer to the fig.2 in [Van09] of the system graph.\\\\

Two utility functions in LDM: a fixed service-level function and a dynamic resource-level function which is communicated with GDM and updated for every iteration. VM allocation vectors in LDM are used for build up the upper bound constraints given by each application.\\\\

As for the GDM: It involve two sequential process, one for determine VM allocation vectors for each application (VM Provisioning) and then for placing VMs and PMs and achieving optimisation (VM Packing). Beyond the constraints formulations based on the CPU and Memory, an interesting approach in VM Provisioning is using a coefficient to allow the administrator to trade-off between the fulfilment of the performance goals and the cost of operating the required resources. Another interesting method is illustrated during the optimisation process in VM Packing: To minimise the number of migration required to reach the new VM-to-PM assignment, or say minimise the reconfiguration to provide a strategy with few interim steps and maximum degree of parallelism.  
